The following open source projects are referenced by System Management Agent Go:

pkg/errors (BSD-2) https://github.com/pkg/errors
https://github.com/pkg/errors/blob/master/LICENSE

gorilla/mux (BSD-3) https://github.com/gorilla/mux
https://github.com/gorilla/mux/blob/master/LICENSE

globalsign/mgo (unspecified) - https://github.com/globalsign/mgo
https://github.com/globalsign/mgo/blob/master/LICENSE

pebbe/zmq4 (BSD-2) https://github.com/pebbe/zmq4
https://github.com/pebbe/zmq4/blob/master/LICENSE.txt

go-kit/kit (MIT) github.com/go-kit/kit
https://github.com/go-kit/kit/blob/master/LICENSE

go-logfmt/logfmt (MIT) https://github.com/go-logfmt/logfmt
https://github.com/go-logfmt/logfmt/blob/master/LICENSE

robfig/cron (MIT) https://github.com/robfig/cron
https://github.com/robfig/cron/blob/master/LICENSE

dgrijalva/jwt-go (MIT) https://github.com/dgrijalva/jwt-go
https://github.com/dgrijalva/jwt-go/blob/master/LICENSE

google/uuid (BSD-3) https://github.com/google/uuid
https://github.com/google/uuid/blob/master/LICENSE

pelletier/go-toml (MIT) https://github.com/pelletier/go-toml
https://github.com/pelletier/go-toml/blob/master/LICENSE

influxdata/influxdb/client/v2 (MIT) https://github.com/influxdata/influxdb
https://github.com/influxdata/influxdb/blob/master/LICENSE

influxdata/platform (MIT) https://github.com/influxdata/platform
https://github.com/influxdata/platform/blob/master/LICENSE

eclipse/paho.mqtt.golang (Eclipse Public License 1.0) https://github.com/eclipse/paho.mqtt.golang
https://github.com/eclipse/paho.mqtt.golang/blob/master/LICENSE

mattn/go-xmpp (BSD-3) https://github.com/mattn/go-xmpp
https://github.com/mattn/go-xmpp/blob/master/LICENSE

BurntSushi/toml (MIT) https://github.com/BurntSushi/toml
https://github.com/BurntSushi/toml/blob/master/COPYING

mitchellh/consulstructure (MIT) https://github.com/mitchellh/consulstructure
https://github.com/mitchellh/consulstructure/blob/master/LICENSE

mitchellh/mapstructure (MIT) https://github.com/mitchellh/mapstructure
https://github.com/mitchellh/mapstructure/blob/master/LICENSE

mitchellh/reflectwalk (MIT) https://github.com/mitchellh/reflectwalk
https://github.com/mitchellh/reflectwalk/blob/master/LICENSE

cenkalti/backoff (MIT) https://github.com/cenkalti/backoff
https://github.com/cenkalti/backoff/blob/master/LICENSE

hashicorp/consul/api 1.1.0 (Mozilla Public License 2.0) - https://github.com/hashicorp/consul/api
https://github.com/hashicorp/consul/blob/master/LICENSE

hashicorp/go-cleanhttp (Mozilla Public License 2.0) - https://github.com/hashicorp/go-cleanhttp
https://github.com/hashicorp/go-cleanhttp/blob/master/LICENSE

hashicorp/go-rootcerts (Mozilla Public License 2.0) https://github.com/hashicorp/go-rootcerts
https://github.com/hashicorp/go-rootcerts/blob/master/LICENSE

mitchellh/go-homedir (MIT) https://github.com/mitchellh/go-homedir
https://github.com/mitchellh/go-homedir/blob/master/LICENSE

mitchellh/mapstructure (MIT) https://github.com/mitchellh/mapstructure
https://github.com/mitchellh/mapstructure/blob/master/LICENSE

mitchellh/copystructure (MIT) https://github.com/mitchellh/copystructure
https://github.com/mitchellh/copystructure/blob/master/LICENSE

hashicorp/serf (Mozilla Public License 2.0) https://github.com/hashicorp/serf
https://github.com/hashicorp/serf/blob/master/LICENSE

armon/go-metrics (MIT) https://github.com/armon/go-metrics
https://github.com/armon/go-metrics/blob/master/LICENSE

hashicorp/go-immutable-radix (Mozilla Public License 2.0) https://github.com/hashicorp/go-immutable-radix
https://github.com/hashicorp/go-immutable-radix/blob/master/LICENSE

hashicorp/golang-lru (Mozilla Public License 2.0) https://github.com/hashicorp/golang-lru
https://github.com/hashicorp/golang-lru/blob/master/LICENSE

gomodule/redigo (Apache 2.0) https://github.com/gomodule/redigo
https://github.com/gomodule/redigo/blob/master/LICENSE

OneOfOne/xxhash (Apache 2.0) https://github.com/OneOfOne/xxhash
https://github.com/OneOfOne/xxhash/blob/master/LICENSE

imdario/mergo (BSD-3) github.com/imdario/mergo
https://github.com/imdario/mergo/blob/master/LICENSE

magiconair/properties (BSD-2) https://github.com/magiconair/properties
https://github.com/magiconair/properties/blob/master/LICENSE

gopkg.in/eapache/queue.v1 (MIT) gopkg.in/eapache/queue.v1
https://github.com/eapache/queue/blob/v1.1.0/LICENSE

bertimus9/systemstat (MIT) https://bitbucket.org/bertimus9/systemstat
https://bitbucket.org/bertimus9/systemstat/src/master/LICENSE

davecgh/go-spew (ISC) https://github.com/davecgh/go-spew
https://github.com/davecgh/go-spew/blob/master/LICENSE

edgexfoundry/go-mod-core-contracts (Apache 2.0) https://github.com/edgexfoundry/go-mod-core-contracts
https://github.com/edgexfoundry/go-mod-core-contracts/blob/master/LICENSE

edgexfoundry/go-mod-registry (Apache 2.0) https://github.com/edgexfoundry/go-mod-registry
https://github.com/edgexfoundry/go-mod-registry/blob/master/LICENSE

edgexfoundry/go-mod-messaging (Apache 2.0) https://github.com/edgexfoundry/go-mod-messaging
https://github.com/edgexfoundry/go-mod-messaging/blob/master/LICENSE

gorilla/context (BSD-3) https://github.com/gorilla/context
https://github.com/gorilla/context/blob/master/LICENSE

kr/logfmt (Unspecified) https://github.com/kr/logfmt
https://github.com/kr/logfmt/blob/master/Readme

pmezard/go-difflib (Unspecified) https://github.com/pmezard/go-difflib
https://github.com/pmezard/go-difflib/blob/master/LICENSE

stretchr/objx (MIT) https://github.com/stretchr/objx
https://github.com/stretchr/objx/blob/master/LICENSE

stretchr/testify (MIT) https://github.com/stretchr/testify
https://github.com/stretchr/testify/blob/master/LICENSE

ugorji/go (MIT) https://github.com/ugorji/go
https://github.com/ugorji/go/blob/master/LICENSE

golang.org/x/net (Unspecified) https://github.com/golang/net
https://github.com/golang/net/blob/master/LICENSE

gopkg.in/yaml.v2 (Apache 2.0) https://github.com/go-yaml/yaml/
https://github.com/go-yaml/yaml/blob/v2.2.2/LICENSE

fsnotify/fsnotify (BSD-3) https://github.com/fsnotify/fsnotify
https://github.com/fsnotify/fsnotify/blob/master/LICENSE

golang.org/x/sys (Unspecified) https://github.com/golang/sys
https://github.com/golang/sys/blob/master/LICENSE
