The following open source projects are referenced by Export Client Go:

pkg/errors (BSD-2) https://github.com/pkg/errors
https://github.com/pkg/errors/blob/master/LICENSE

gorilla/mux (BSD-3) https://github.com/gorilla/mux
https://github.com/gorilla/mux/blob/master/LICENSE

globalsign/mgo (unspecified) - https://github.com/globalsign/mgo
https://github.com/globalsign/mgo/blob/master/LICENSE

pebbe/zmq4 (BSD-2) https://github.com/pebbe/zmq4
https://github.com/pebbe/zmq4/blob/master/LICENSE.txt

go-kit/kit (MIT) github.com/go-kit/kit
https://github.com/go-kit/kit/blob/master/LICENSE

go-logfmt/logfmt (MIT) https://github.com/go-logfmt/logfmt
https://github.com/go-logfmt/logfmt/blob/master/LICENSE

robfig/cron (MIT) https://github.com/robfig/cron
https://github.com/robfig/cron/blob/master/LICENSE

google/uuid (BSD-3) https://github.com/google/uuid
https://github.com/google/uuid/blob/master/LICENSE

pelletier/go-toml (MIT) https://github.com/pelletier/go-toml
https://github.com/pelletier/go-toml/blob/master/LICENSE

influxdata/influxdb/client/v2 (MIT) https://github.com/influxdata/influxdb
https://github.com/influxdata/influxdb/blob/master/LICENSE

influxdata/platform (MIT) https://github.com/influxdata/platform
https://github.com/influxdata/platform/blob/master/LICENSE

eclipse/paho.mqtt.golang (Eclipse Public License 1.0) https://github.com/eclipse/paho.mqtt.golang
https://github.com/eclipse/paho.mqtt.golang/blob/master/LICENSE

go-zoo/bone (MIT) https://github.com/go-zoo/bone
https://github.com/go-zoo/bone/blob/master/LICENSE

mattn/go-xmpp (BSD-3) https://github.com/mattn/go-xmpp
https://github.com/mattn/go-xmpp/blob/master/LICENSE

BurntSushi/toml (MIT) https://github.com/BurntSushi/toml
https://github.com/BurntSushi/toml/blob/master/COPYING

mitchellh/consulstructure (MIT) https://github.com/mitchellh/consulstructure
https://github.com/mitchellh/consulstructure/blob/master/LICENSE

mitchellh/mapstructure (MIT) https://github.com/mitchellh/mapstructure
https://github.com/mitchellh/mapstructure/blob/master/LICENSE

mitchellh/copystructure (MIT) https://github.com/mitchellh/copystructure
https://github.com/mitchellh/copystructure/blob/master/LICENSE

mitchellh/reflectwalk (MIT) https://github.com/mitchellh/reflectwalk
https://github.com/mitchellh/reflectwalk/blob/master/LICENSE

cenkalti/backoff (MIT) https://github.com/cenkalti/backoff
https://github.com/cenkalti/backoff/blob/master/LICENSE

hashicorp/consul 1.1.0 (Mozilla Public License 2.0) - https://github.com/hashicorp/consul
https://github.com/hashicorp/consul/blob/master/LICENSE

hashicorp/go-cleanhttp (Mozilla Public License 2.0) - https://github.com/hashicorp/go-cleanhttp
https://github.com/hashicorp/go-cleanhttp/blob/master/LICENSE

hashicorp/go-rootcerts (Mozilla Public License 2.0) https://github.com/hashicorp/go-rootcerts
https://github.com/hashicorp/go-rootcerts/blob/master/LICENSE

mitchellh/go-homedir (MIT) https://github.com/mitchellh/go-homedir
https://github.com/mitchellh/go-homedir/blob/master/LICENSE

mitchellh/mapstructure (MIT) https://github.com/mitchellh/mapstructure
https://github.com/mitchellh/mapstructure/blob/master/LICENSE

hashicorp/serf (Mozilla Public License 2.0) https://github.com/hashicorp/serf
https://github.com/hashicorp/serf/blob/master/LICENSE

armon/go-metrics (MIT) https://github.com/armon/go-metrics
https://github.com/armon/go-metrics/blob/master/LICENSE

hashicorp/go-immutable-radix (Mozilla Public License 2.0) https://github.com/hashicorp/go-immutable-radix
https://github.com/hashicorp/go-immutable-radix/blob/master/LICENSE

hashicorp/golang-lru (Mozilla Public License 2.0) https://github.com/hashicorp/golang-lru
https://github.com/hashicorp/golang-lru/blob/master/LICENSE

gomodule/redigo (Apache 2.0) https://github.com/gomodule/redigo
https://github.com/gomodule/redigo/blob/master/LICENSE

imdario/mergo (BSD-3) github.com/imdario/mergo
https://github.com/imdario/mergo/blob/master/LICENSE

magiconair/properties (BSD-2) https://github.com/magiconair/properties
https://github.com/magiconair/properties/blob/master/LICENSE

gopkg.in/eapache/queue.v1 (MIT) gopkg.in/eapache/queue.v1
https://github.com/eapache/queue/blob/v1.1.0/LICENSE

All of the following are due to sys-mgmt-agent's docker import...

docker/docker/api/types (Apache 2.0) https://github.com/moby/moby/tree/master/api/types 
https://github.com/moby/moby/blob/master/LICENSE

docker/go-connections (Apache 2.0) https://github.com/docker/go-connections
https://github.com/docker/go-connections/blob/master/LICENSE

gogo/protobuf/proto (unspecified) https://github.com/gogo/protobuf/proto
https://github.com/gogo/protobuf/blob/master/LICENSE

opencontainers/image-spec/specs-go/v1 (Apache 2.0) https://github.com/opencontainers/image-spec
https://github.com/opencontainers/image-spec/blob/master/LICENSE

opencontainers/go-digest (Apache 2.0) https://github.com/opencontainers/go-digest
https://github.com/opencontainers/go-digest/blob/master/LICENSE

Azure/go-ansiterm (MIT) https://github.com/Azure/go-ansiterm
https://github.com/Azure/go-ansiterm/blob/master/LICENSE

sirupsen/logrus (MIT) https://github.com/sirupsen/logrus
https://github.com/sirupsen/logrus/blob/master/LICENSE

Nvveen/Gotty (unspecified) https://github.com/Nvveen/Gotty
https://github.com/Nvveen/Gotty/blob/master/LICENSE 

docker/go-units (Apache 2.0) https://github.com/docker/go-units
https://github.com/docker/go-units/blob/master/LICENSE

docker/distribution (Apache 2.0) https://github.com/docker/distribution/
https://github.com/docker/distribution/blob/master/LICENSE
